

<a name="pp1"></a>

Online Tracking and Advertising





<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0"><tr><td valign="top" class="copy1">1.</td><td class="copy1">Online Tracking and Advertising</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" class="copy1"></td><td class="copy">We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity on our sites and <a href="http://corporate.disney.go.com/corporate/pp.html#def_Application" name="lid=corp_pp_online-tracking-a/contentlink/link0/110822">applications</a> using tracking technologies such as cookies, Flash cookies and Web beacons. Definitions for the tracking technologies listed, as well as information regarding how to disable them, are available below. This tracking data is used for many purposes including, for example, to:<ul><li>Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to our sites and applications; for example, remembering your shipping information for future purchases</li><li>Deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and location</li><li>Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our sites and applications</li><li>Analyze traffic on our sites and on the sites of third parties</li></ul>We may associate this tracking data with your registration account, in which case we will treat it as personal information. Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online.<br><br>Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications, but does not identify you personally and is not associated with your registration account. You may choose not to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers <a href="http://www.aboutads.info" name="lid=corp_pp_online-tracking-a/contentlink/link1/110822">here</a>.   We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" align="right"><a href="#pp1" class="copy" name="lid=corp_pp_dis/contentlink/link12/100210">back to top of page</a></td></tr><tr><td valign="top" class="copy1"><a name="def_trackingtechnologies"></a>2.</td><td class="copy1">Online Tracking Technologies</td></tr><tr><td valign="top" class="copy1"></td><td class="copy">Examples of online tracking technologies include:<ul><li>Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the website. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.</li><br><br><li>Flash cookies. We may use local shared objects, sometimes known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click <a href="http://home.disney.go.com/guestservices/disclaimers/redirect?destination=http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118" name="lid=corp_pp_online-tracking-a/contentlink/link3/110822">here</a>. If you disable Flash cookies, you won't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.</li><br><br><li>Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of sites. Web beacons may involve the transmission of information directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use web beacons to bring together information we collect about you.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" align="right"><a href="#pp1" class="copy" name="lid=corp_pp_dis/contentlink/link12/100210">back to top of page</a></td></tr></table>

